Linux is more customizable and comfort to deal with, it is like park and you play in it, until now it gives all permissions to root user so it can literally delete the OS or kernel, so it gives you freedom as some one in cybersecurity field, so you can try everything.
I first started to work on VMware by starting installing Redhat Enterprise Linux to try in it.
the installation is more smoothly so I face no problems, but in installation it will ask you to enable or disable feature called KDUMP which is very important tool.
KDUMP is kernel crash dumping machine, it is storing crashing information in file that exists in the system so if you make restart to the system it will pop up this crash info as system log and this log has critical severity.
During installation it will ask for creating normal user and root user.
After installation it will open something called Gnome it is the desktop, in Linux desktop is software, so it is treated like software and its name is Gnome.
To use Gnome help we use [yelp] command.
something also I have noticed that file colored by black color and [directory] colored by blue color, also when using ls -l the file has - in the start of info but directory has d, to separate between them.
in Linux the folder's name is directory.

Here are some signs I have noticed:
	telda (~)  -->> home directory of current user
	dot  (.) -->> before any file or directory means it is hidden
	hash (#) -->>   as root
	dollar sign ($) -->>  as normal user

After finishing I have going to terminal or shell to learn some commands I will list them with use of each one:
	1- tty  -->> to know the number of terminal I open now.
	2- chvt (number of terminal) -->> to change between terminals
	3- clear  -->> doesnot clear terminal but it goes by cursor up so you can't see the previous
	4- reset -->> clear terminal 
	5- ls -->> list anything in any directory 
	6- exit -->> close terminal
	7- date -->> to show date
	8- cal -->> to show calendar
	9- file -->> to show type of file or directory (it says this file of which type or directory)
	10- passwd -->> to change password of account (root can change any account's password  and can put it as he want, but user can change his password only and should meet password requirements)
	11- cat -->> to display content of file
	12- head (it takes number of lines) -->> to display specified lines of file from top
	13- tail (it takes number of lines) -->> to display specified lines of file from bottom
	14- which -->> to find command path
	15- wc -->> shows number of lines, words and characters or bytes (in Linux each character takes 1 byte so number of characters is number of bytes is size in bytes if text is ASCII)
	16- history -->> to show history of commands that I have used(to use any of them by its number I write [!number] from top or [!-number] from bottom it will execute the command with writing it, this history is saved into hidden file [.bash_history] after I close the terminal history command is stored into this file)
we can also use logical AND(&&) and logical OR(| |) between commands.
we can use multiple commands in one line separated with ( ; ).
we can use --help for any command to know its options and arguments, help it is like magic stick in harry potter films it literally the most helpful in using commands, it makes it easy to not remember each command with its option because I easily can type command --help and it will appear everything about command.


