In Linux we can use something called standard input, output and error :
	standard output ( > ) -->> to redirect some output of command into file.
	standard output ( >> ) -->> to redirect some output of command into file but appending it , in other words it starts writing in last line in the file.
	standard input ( < ) -->> to redirect some inputs into command from file , like cat < file.txt, it makes the cat displays content of file.txt.
	standard error ( 2> ) -->> if the command generates errors it will redirect this error into file.
	( &> ) -->> to redirect both output and error into one file, another way to do this is to make the files name the same in one command line so it will writes error and output into one file.
	( >> filename 2>&1 ) -->>  it will append the output and error not overwrite.
There is a concept in Linux is called pipelining ( | ) which means taking one command output and give it to another command as its input, it is like pipe that takes from source to destination.
Here are some of commands and their usages:
	1- less -->> to show content of file as pages, and we click on space key to move between those pages.
	2- more -->> it is like less but it differs in one thing the it shows those pages in terminal, after finishing pages it will direct you to terminal and you will discover that the content is printed on the terminal.
	3- mail -->> to send email.
	4- tee -->> to save output of pipelining into file by using this tee command, and then we can use this file into another pipelining process, it is most used between two pipelining processes.
In Linux there are a lot of file editors to edit files, each one has its pros and cons it depending on what you prefer and what features you need:
	CLI:
		1- vim -->> one of most powerful cli editors but it is complex, but this problem can be solved by practicing.
		2- nano -->> it is more simpler than vim but it doesnot have many features like vim.
	GUI:
		gedit -->> it is simple gui editor.